docs/README.md, before:

# Words of Power Editor

**Words of Power Editor** is a free open source app for creation,
modification, distribution, and machine recognition of custom magic
symbols in **TexnoMagic** format used in upcoming
[texnoforge](https://texnoforge.dev)
game
[Words of Power](https://texnoforge.dev/pages/words-of-power.html)
and any other games/apps that choose to adopt this free format and/or tool.

Read more in [intro](intro.md).

## Status

### wopeditor is available in public pre-alpha 🎉

You can use [wopeditor-0.1.0][v0.1.0] to:

* create and save new magic symbols and alphabets
* draw multiple drawings of a symbol using mouse or other pointing device - graphic tablets work too
* train and visualize GMM-based symbol models from all available drawings
* download and view community alphabets as mods from [wop.mod.io] with one click
* export alphabets as single .zip file you can upload to [wop.mod.io]

With basic features complete, it's time for [Core Symbols Challenge](core_symbols.md) ⊂(✰‿✰)つ

First recognition-related features are starting to show up.

### screenshot

![Words of Power Editor teaser](img/words_of_power_teaser.png)


## Sources

[wopeditor source code](https://github.com/texnoforge/wopeditor/)


## Installation

See [Installation](install.md).


## Bugs and Feature Requests

Please use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/texnoforge/wopeditor/issues)
to report any problems or feature requests.

Contributions, suggestions, and ideas are always welcome!


## Contact

Feel free to drop by
[#wopeditor @ texnoforge discord](https://discord.gg/Dq3vaeg3pG).


[v0.1.0]: https://github.com/texnoforge/wopeditor/releases/tag/v0.1.0
[wop.mod.io]: https://wop.mod.io

Commit message:

💀 End of the Line 💀
Rename to python-wopeditor and mark as obsolete in favor of new
wopeditor Godot edition.

wopeditor is dead. Long live wopeditor!

tl;dr Kivy sucks 😭

docs/README.md, after:

# (old) Words of Power Editor python Kivy edition

## Status

### OBSOLETE by new [wopeditor]

You can use final [python-wopeditor-0.1.1][v0.1.1] to:

* create and save new magic symbols and alphabets in [TexnoMagic] format
* draw multiple drawings of a symbol using mouse or other pointing device - graphic tablets work too
* train and visualize GMM-based symbol models from all available drawings
* download and view community alphabets as mods from [wop.mod.io] with one click
* export alphabets as single .zip file you can upload to [wop.mod.io]
* participate in [Core Symbols Challenge][core symbols] ⊂(✰‿✰)つ

I was able to use `python-wopeditor` to create magic alphabets including
working models for recognition of individual magic symbols so it was a great
success as a proof of concept.

However, my experience with Kivy framework used to build UI in this version was
so unpleasant and painful I'm not willing to waste another minute of my life
with writing Kivy spaghetti code for basic features that should simply work out
of the box but they never do.

Please see the new [wopeditor] based on [Godot] which is going to reach feature parity sooner or later.


### screenshot

![(old) Words of Power Editor teaser](img/words_of_power_teaser.png)


## Sources

[python-wopeditor source code](https://github.com/texnoforge/python-wopeditor/)


## Installation

See [Installation](install.md).


## Bugs and Feature Requests

`wopeditor-python` isn't maintained anymore, please see the new [wopeditor].


## Contact

Feel free to drop by
[#wopeditor @ texnoforge discord](https://discord.gg/Dq3vaeg3pG).


[wopeditor]: https://github.com/texnoforge/wopeditor
[TexnoMagic]: https://texnoforge.github.io/texnomagic/
[core symbols]: https://texnoforge.github.io/wopeditor/core_symbols/
[v0.1.1]: https://github.com/texnoforge/python-wopeditor/releases/tag/v0.1.1
[wop.mod.io]: https://wop.mod.io
[Godot]: https://godotengine.org
